README.md, before:

# 🚀  fastapi-postgresql-starterkit - The Backend Saga! 🎉

![Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-FastAPI-green)
![Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-For%20All%20Your%20Data%20Needs-blue)
![Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dockerized-Yep!-2496ED)
![Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Forked-But%20Revamped-red)

Hello there, coding wanderer! 🌍 If you're here, you probably love FastAPI, enjoy PostgreSQL, and adore backends. Oh, and did I mention? We're now sailing smoothly with Docker! 🐳 No more environment discrepancies, just pure coding bliss.

## Why This Project? 🤔

Because the backend is where the real action happens! It's like the backstage of a rock concert - not visible to all, but without it, the show won't go on!

## What's Changed? ⏳

I took the majestic backend of the original `full-stack-fastapi-postgresql` project, dusted off the cobwebs, replaced the rusty bolts, and added a sprinkle of Docker goodness! A modernized, faster, and improved version now awaits you.

## Features 🌈

1. **FastAPI Magic** - Because speed is not just about Fast & Furious movies!
2. **PostgreSQL Integration** - Store data like a pro. No more data loss nightmares!
3. **Docker Integration** - Set sail with a consistent environment. Because why let tech discrepancies ruin your day?
4. **Fixes, Fixes, Fixes** - All those bugs? Gone! (Well, most of them, but let's be optimistic!)

## Setup & Run 🏃‍♂️

To set this baby up:

If you don't have one yet, set up a .env file with your configuration.  For a basic version for local testing use:  
```bash
cp dot-env-template .env
```
Be aware that .env is *excluded from git* because it contains secrets, API keys and so on.  **Never put your .env file into git.**

Then build and start the test/debug stack with:
```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

Then:
- Visit http://localhost:4000/docs for the interactive API docs (Swagger). For initial super-username and password to first authenticate see your **.env** file.
- Modify your code, which is linked into the *fastapi-app* container and watch uvicorn auto-restart your app when changes have been made.
- Run pytest in your container with `docker exec fastapi-app bash ./test.sh [optional parameters]`
- Visit http://localhost:5050/ for the PostgreSQL administrator. Upon first use you'll need to register your DB server using your **.env** file.

## Contribute! 🤝

Did you find more ancient bugs lurking around? Or perhaps you unearthed a potential treasure in the form of a feature? Pull requests are more than welcome. After all, multiple minds make light work. Let's polish this backend to be more radiant than a starry night! 💫

## Credits & A Bow 🎖️

A grand salute to the maestro behind the original `full-stack-fastapi-postgresql`. Their innovative groundwork laid the foundation, allowing this revamped symphony to come to life.

## A Chuckle For the Road 😄

Here's a nugget of wisdom: The frontend is your application's charming smile, but the backend? That's the beating heart and the brilliant mind! Nurture it, for a healthy heart and a sharp mind make dreams come alive. 😉

Commit message:

major update
- add table place
- make many to one relationship user-place
- add room data object. not tested
- update readme for db migration with alembic

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Clairsense Regional Backend API: fastapi-postgresql 🎉

## Setup & Run 🏃‍♂️

To set this baby up:

If you don't have one yet, set up a .env file with your configuration.  For a basic version for local testing use:  
```bash
cp dot-env-template .env
```
Be aware that .env is *excluded from git* because it contains secrets, API keys and so on.  **Never put your .env file into git.**

Then build and start the test/debug stack with:
```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

Then:
- Visit http://localhost:4000/docs for the interactive API docs (Swagger). For initial super-username and password to first authenticate see your **.env** file.
- Modify your code, which is linked into the *fastapi-app* container and watch uvicorn auto-restart your app when changes have been made.
- Run pytest in your container with `docker exec fastapi-app bash ./test.sh [optional parameters]`
- Visit http://localhost:5050/ for the PostgreSQL administrator. Upon first use you'll need to register your DB server using your **.env** file.


## Database migration with alembic 🗂️

To force a new table generation based on the new data models, you need to create a new Alembic migration script and apply it. Here are the steps:

1. Generate a new Alembic migration script. This can be done by running the following command in your terminal:
```bash
alembic revision --autogenerate -m "description of your changes"
```
This command will create a new migration script in your alembic/versions directory. The script will contain the changes detected in your models.

2. Review the generated script. Make sure the changes reflect what you expect. The script will have two main functions: `upgrade()` and `downgrade()`. The `upgrade()` function applies the changes to the database, while the `downgrade()` function reverts them.

3. Apply the migration. Run the following command in your terminal:
```bash
alembic upgrade head
```
